TENTATIVE SUGGESTED CHANGES 
  all unnecessary sections in the workflow is to be removed or simplified


IMPORTANT NOTES/RULES
  - It is critical to highlight that research and reflection should be done by me, AI should not be inferring and
    cutting out my comments/opinions - the reports need to maintain my opinions and judgements
  - I need an auto generated guide/framework, not have all the analysis work done for me 
  - Integration of this workflow into my daily routine is extremely important - suggest ways this workflow can be 
    integrated into my actual daily routine so it actually gets done and not pile up as autogenerated junk

FULL WORKFLOW OVERVIEW


DAILY WORKFLOW 
  Daily Report auto generated using prior day notes with special handling for tags. Generated from the 'Market
  Notes' section of every DRC which is the only section i actually use daily. 
    1. Present my comments in more visually organised way to be reviewed - most comments are opinions of 
       stocks/market condition that need to be reviewed to question the accuracy - i need to ask myself 
       if my opinion at that time was right or wrong - that's the only way to improve the accuracy of my 
       instinct and opinion - in that sense, every line is important in the market notes section - i need 
       this content to be presented in a more visually appealling way, yet retaining the detail. the 
       timestamp of the comments are also important and to be retained in the report. Suggest any potential 
       actions or improvements i can make - can potentially be added into a section in pre-market notes (more
       details below)

    2. There are also trades that are logged in this section in the format "11:10 long AAPL @ 200.00, 2 shares 
       - [reason]" - all trades are in this format so it seems inefficient for me to have to log trades manually
       into another file using the Journalit plugin again. Automating this process could be a huge efficiency. 
       Trades taken should also be in the daily report to be reviewed.

  

  Brief pre-market notes auto generated (watchlist, bias, economic news). Tentatively to be generated after I 
  review the daily report  
    1. Anything highlighted in the DRC to be watched the next day should be in this report - such as stocks to 
       watch, news to watch, stocks to follow up on etc - also any bias highlighted in the prior day DRC that 
       should be carried over to the next day should appear here 
    
    2. Major US economic news with the ability to influence the market is be extracted and auto included in this 
       report - including FOMC meetings, CPI, GDP, major company earnings etc - do not include any unnecessary 
       headlines, I only need to be aware of major economic news upcoming, not opinions of economists 

    3. Anything custom rules/reminders to be followed - any patterns or common mistakes or rules that I approve
       to be added in this section should appear 
    
    Overall, this pre-market report should not be too lengthy - a brief section of important details for the day


WEEKLY REVIEWS
  Weekly Report generated - this should be a detailed report/reflection - should be more interactive than the daily 
  reports and involve reflection or research/studying by me - the AI's goal is not to reflect for me, it's to present
  the data or topics clearly for me to do the actual work.
    1. Potential patterns can be suggested to be highlighted here to be reviewed 
    2. There should be a system to review and track pre-approved metrics that I decide to track/study in greater detail 
       - these can be suggested to the user and if approved, can be tracked over the daily notes and weekly notes for 
       patterns, sort of as a subproject 


MONTHLY/YEARLY REVIEWS
  These should be broad overview/broader and bigger goals, not a place to do detailed analysis and reviews  

